Add /ok route as an express middleware (#4432)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/settings-reference.md

      }}
    </Plug>
    ```

> ````

Reviewer: This is the closing fence for the opening glossary fence at the start of the page. It should be moved after your new glossary entry.

```suggestion
```

okView

> Volto provides a `/ok` URL where it respondes with a text/plain ok response (with an `HTTP 200` status code) to signal third-party health-check services that the Volto process is running correctly.

Reviewer: Indent glossary definitions.

```suggestion
    Volto provides an `/ok` URL where it responds with a `text/plain ok` response, with an `HTTP 200` status code, to signal third party health check services that the Volto process is running correctly.
```

> Using this setting one can modify such an URL and configure to respond in some other URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using this setting, one can modify such an URL and configure it to respond with another URL.
```

> The provided default matches the existing Plone Classic URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The provided default matches the existing Plone Classic UI URL.
```

    ```jsx
      config.settings.okView = '/site-is-ok'

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     ```

Reviewer: Close glossary fence.

````suggestion
    ```
```
````
